Small tweaks (#45)
unicorn-wg/oblivious-http: draft-thomson-http-oblivious.md

necessary to prevent having the large volume of requests being classified as an
attack by the server.

> If a server does accept a larger volume of requests from a proxy, it needs to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a server accepts a larger volume of requests from a proxy, it needs to
```
